# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile C:\code\shorthand\packages\pyproject.toml --all-extras -o C:\code\shorthand\packages\requirements.txt
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   chex
    #   distrax
    #   dm-env
    #   dm-sonnet
    #   dopamine-rl
    #   etils
    #   keras
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   orbax-export
    #   rlax
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tf2jax
    #   trax
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via textual-dev
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   icecream
    #   stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
blackjax==1.1.1
blake3==0.4.1
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.7.0
    # via flask
brotli==1.1.0
    # via yt-dlp
bz2file==0.98
    # via tensor2tensor
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   curl-cffi
    #   fiona
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
    #   skyfield
    #   yt-dlp
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   curl-cffi
    #   gevent
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   httpie
    #   requests
chex==0.1.86
    # via
    #   distrax
    #   gymnax
    #   jumanji
    #   optax
    #   rlax
clarabel==0.7.1
    # via cvxpy
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   flask
    #   geocoder
    #   proselint
    #   pysr
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   textual-dev
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via fiona
cligj==0.7.2
    # via fiona
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   gym
    #   gymnasium
    #   tensorflow-probability
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   httpie
    #   icecream
    #   ipython
    #   pdbp
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==42.0.5
curl-cffi==0.6.3
cvxpy==1.4.3
    # via cvxpylayers
cvxpylayers==0.1.6
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via orbax-export
dearpygui==1.11.1
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ratelim
    #   tensorflow-probability
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   httpie
    #   nbconvert
diffcp==1.0.23
    # via cvxpylayers
diffrax==0.5.0
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
distrax==0.1.5
    # via rlax
dm-env==1.6
    # via
    #   jumanji
    #   rlax
dm-sonnet==2.0.2
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   dm-env
    #   dm-sonnet
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tf2jax
dopamine-rl==3.0.1
    # via tensor2tensor
duckdb==0.10.2
ecos==2.0.13
    # via
    #   cvxpy
    #   diffcp
elegy==0.1.0
equinox==0.11.4
    # via
    #   diffrax
    #   lineax
    #   optimistix
    #   sympy2jax
etils==1.8.0
    # via
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   orbax-export
    #   tensorflow-datasets
executing==2.0.1
    # via
    #   icecream
    #   stack-data
farama-notifications==0.0.4
    # via gymnasium
fastcore==1.5.29
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fastprogress==1.0.3
    # via blackjax
filelock==3.13.4
    # via virtualenv
fiona==1.9.6
    # via geopandas
flask==3.0.3
    # via tensor2tensor
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow-intel
flax==0.8.2
    # via gymnax
fonttools==4.51.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozendict==2.4.2
    # via neural-tangents
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via etils
funcsigs==1.0.2
    # via trax
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   geocoder
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   proselint
    #   tensor2tensor
gast==0.5.4
    # via
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tensorflow-probability
geocoder==1.38.1
geopandas==0.14.3
gevent==24.2.1
    # via tensor2tensor
gin-config==0.5.0
    # via
    #   dopamine-rl
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   tensor2tensor
    #   trax
gmpy2==2.2.0a1
google-api-core==2.18.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.126.0
    # via tensor2tensor
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   tensorflow-metadata
graphviz==0.20.3
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via gevent
grpcio==1.62.2
    # via
    #   tensor2tensor
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via tensor2tensor
gym==0.26.2
    # via
    #   dopamine-rl
    #   gymnax
    #   jumanji
    #   tensor2tensor
    #   trax
gym-notices==0.0.8
    # via gym
gymnasium==0.29.1
    # via gymnax
gymnax==0.0.8
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.11.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensor2tensor
    #   tensorflow-intel
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpie==3.2.2
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
humanize==4.9.0
icecream==2.1.3
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.34.1
img==2.5
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via etils
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
intel-cmplr-lib-rt==2024.1.0
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.23.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jax==0.4.26
    # via
    #   blackjax
    #   chex
    #   diffrax
    #   distrax
    #   equinox
    #   flax
    #   gymnax
    #   jaxopt
    #   jraph
    #   jumanji
    #   lineax
    #   neural-tangents
    #   numpyro
    #   objax
    #   optax
    #   optimistix
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   orbax-export
    #   pgx
    #   rlax
    #   sympy2jax
    #   tf2jax
    #   trax
jaxlib==0.4.26
    # via
    #   blackjax
    #   chex
    #   distrax
    #   gymnax
    #   jax
    #   jaxopt
    #   jraph
    #   numpyro
    #   objax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   orbax-export
    #   rlax
    #   tf2jax
    #   trax
jaxopt==0.8.3
    # via blackjax
jaxtyping==0.2.28
    # via
    #   diffrax
    #   equinox
    #   lineax
    #   optimistix
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.4.0
    # via scikit-learn
jplephem==2.21
    # via skyfield
jraph==0.0.6.dev0
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
juliacall==0.9.19
    # via pysr
juliapkg==0.1.11
    # via juliacall
jumanji==0.3.1
jupyter==1.0.0
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.6
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
keras==3.3.2
    # via tensorflow-intel
kfac==0.2.0
    # via tensor2tensor
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.3.0
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
lineax==0.0.5
    # via
    #   diffrax
    #   optimistix
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via markdown-it-py
llvmlite==0.42.0
    # via numba
looseversion==1.3.0
    # via rethinkdb
lxml==5.2.1
markdown==3.6
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
    #   textual
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.8.4
    # via
    #   gymnax
    #   jumanji
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via markdown-it-py
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mesh-tensorflow==0.1.21
    # via tensor2tensor
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tensorstore
more-itertools==10.2.0
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   textual-dev
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   httpie
    #   yarl
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via numpyro
mutagen==1.47.0
    # via yt-dlp
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   orbax-checkpoint
neural-tangents==0.6.5
notebook==7.1.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.59.1
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   chex
    #   clarabel
    #   contourpy
    #   cvxpy
    #   cvxpylayers
    #   diffcp
    #   distrax
    #   dm-env
    #   dm-sonnet
    #   ecos
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   gym
    #   gymnasium
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   jaxopt
    #   jaxtyping
    #   jplephem
    #   jraph
    #   jumanji
    #   keras
    #   kfac
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   numba
    #   numpyro
    #   objax
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   orbax-export
    #   osqp
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-stubs
    #   patsy
    #   pysr
    #   qdldl
    #   rlax
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   scs
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   skyfield
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensor2tensor
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tensorstore
    #   tf2jax
    #   trax
numpyro==0.14.0
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via tensor2tensor
objax==1.8.0
opencv-python==4.9.0.80
    # via
    #   dopamine-rl
    #   tensor2tensor
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow-intel
optax==0.2.2
    # via
    #   blackjax
    #   flax
optimistix==0.0.6
    # via diffrax
optree==0.11.0
    # via keras
orbax-checkpoint==0.5.10
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-export
orbax-export==0.0.4
osqp==0.6.4
    # via cvxpy
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   fastcore
    #   geopandas
    #   gunicorn
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorflow-intel
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   pysr
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandas-stubs==2.2.1.240316
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via objax
parse==1.20.1
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.6
    # via statsmodels
pdbp==1.5.0
pendulum==3.0.0
pgx==2.0.1
pgx-minatar==0.5.1
    # via pgx
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   dopamine-rl
    #   imageio
    #   jumanji
    #   matplotlib
    #   objax
    #   plotext
    #   tensor2tensor
pillow-avif-plugin==1.4.3
pip==24.0
    # via
    #   fastcore
    #   httpie
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
plotext==5.2.8
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
proselint==0.10.2
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tensorflow-metadata
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   tensorflow-datasets
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pybind11==2.12.0
    # via
    #   cvxpy
    #   diffcp
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via yt-dlp
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   httpie
    #   icecream
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   pdbp
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pylev==1.4.0
pynacl==1.5.0
pypandoc==1.13
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via tensor2tensor
pyproj==3.6.1
    # via geopandas
pyreadline3==3.4.1
    # via tabcompleter
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pysr==0.18.2
pytermgui==7.7.1
pytest==8.1.1
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
    #   time-machine
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytomlpp==1.0.13
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.13
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   flax
    #   gymnax
    #   jupyter-events
    #   orbax-checkpoint
pyzmq==26.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qdldl==0.1.7.post2
    # via osqp
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
ratelim==0.1.6
    # via geocoder
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
    #   types-jsonschema
regex==2024.4.16
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   geocoder
    #   google-api-core
    #   httpie
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tensor2tensor
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   yt-dlp
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via httpie
rethinkdb==2.4.10.post1
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   flax
    #   httpie
    #   keras
    #   textual
rlax==0.1.6
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
ruff==0.4.1
scikit-learn==1.4.2
    # via pysr
scipy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   clarabel
    #   cvxpy
    #   cvxpylayers
    #   diffcp
    #   ecos
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   jaxopt
    #   objax
    #   osqp
    #   qdldl
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scs
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensor2tensor
    #   trax
scs==3.2.4.post1
    # via
    #   cvxpy
    #   diffcp
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via gymnax
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via juliapkg
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==69.5.1
    # via
    #   chex
    #   distrax
    #   httpie
    #   pysr
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   zope-event
    #   zope-interface
sgp4==2.23
    # via skyfield
shapely==2.0.4
    # via geopandas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   fiona
    #   geocoder
    #   google-pasta
    #   kfac
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   oauth2client
    #   patsy
    #   promise
    #   proselint
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rethinkdb
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensor2tensor
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   trax
skyfield==1.48
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.2
    # via seaborn
svgwrite==1.4.3
    # via pgx
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   pysr
    #   sympy2jax
    #   tensor2tensor
sympy2jax==0.0.5
tabcompleter==1.3.0
    # via pdbp
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via dm-sonnet
tbb==2021.12.0
tensor2tensor==1.14.0
    # via trax
tensorboard==2.16.2
    # via
    #   objax
    #   tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.16.1
    # via
    #   neural-tangents
    #   tf-keras
    #   tf2jax
tensorflow-datasets==4.9.4
    # via
    #   tensor2tensor
    #   trax
tensorflow-gan==2.1.0
    # via tensor2tensor
tensorflow-hub==0.16.1
    # via tensorflow-gan
tensorflow-intel==2.16.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==0.22.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-probability==0.24.0
    # via
    #   distrax
    #   kfac
    #   tensor2tensor
    #   tensorflow-gan
tensorstore==0.1.56
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-intel
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
textual==0.57.1
    # via textual-dev
textual-dev==1.5.1
tf-keras==2.16.0
    # via tensorflow-hub
tf2jax==0.3.6
    # via neural-tangents
threadpoolctl==3.4.0
    # via
    #   diffcp
    #   scikit-learn
time-machine==2.14.1
    # via pendulum
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
toolz==0.12.1
    # via chex
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   etils
    #   numpyro
    #   tensor2tensor
    #   tensorflow-datasets
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
trax==1.2.4
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via jaxtyping
types-colorama==0.4.15.20240311
types-decorator==5.1.8.20240310
types-docutils==0.20.0.20240406
    # via types-pygments
types-jsonschema==4.21.0.20240331
types-openpyxl==3.1.0.20240408
types-pillow==10.2.0.20240415
types-pygments==2.17.0.20240310
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
types-pytz==2024.1.0.20240417
    # via pandas-stubs
types-requests==2.31.0.20240406
types-setuptools==69.5.0.20240415
    # via types-pygments
types-six==1.16.21.20240311
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   blackjax
    #   chex
    #   diffrax
    #   equinox
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   gymnasium
    #   jumanji
    #   lineax
    #   optimistix
    #   optree
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pgx
    #   pytermgui
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   textual
    #   textual-dev
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
    #   yt-dlp
virtualenv==20.25.3
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   pytermgui
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==12.0
    # via yt-dlp
werkzeug==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.43.0
    # via astunparse
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   dm-sonnet
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-intel
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
yt-dlp==2024.4.9
zipp==3.18.1
    # via etils
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.3
    # via gevent
